Brother Xiaoyu, you are up
Would you like milk or coffee?
I also made sandwiches
Hmm husband
You see, people have cooked their meals
You're still sleeping there?
Yueyue, you are so kind.
But usually Xu Zeyu and I are not at home
He buys the food and we eat it.
You are usually so busy with work
Definitely don't have time to make breakfast
Fortunately, I don't have to work either.
I will cook for you every day from now on.
Is this please?
Hey, what time is it, husband?
It's scary to be late for work
Hey, Yueyue, hey
Remember that kitchen trash arrives every day?
There will be little flying insects
I threw a few clothes in the washing machine.
Can you wash it for me?
And the silk dress.
You must rub my hands for me
I'll rub it for you later.
Hey, hurry up, hurry up, I'm late, okay, okay
Call me every day
It all belongs to me
It seems good